9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon [music] Man with David
Angles.
>> Good morning. Let's get to the show
today. Counting down to the open of
greater greater China markets. Okay,
let's try that again. I didn't get good
sleep [music] last night and hopefully
it gets better from here. Speaking of
anxiety over the Fed outlook is [music]
the headline today. Stocks across the
Asia Pacific slipping on those reasons
about the pace of Fed easing after this
week's price in [music] rate cut.
traders on alert for any hawkish signals
from the RBA with a third straight hold
[music] expected today.
>> A win for Nvidia as President Trump
approves sales of H200 [music]
AI chips to China with the US to take a
25% cut.
>> Also ahead, China's polit bureau makes
domestic [music] demand its top priority
after meeting Goldman Sach after the
meeting Goldman Sachs calls it somewhat
disappointing. And Paramount launches a
hostile cash takeover bid for Warner
Brothers [music]
days after the studio agreed to a deal
with Netflix.
[music]
Right. uh benchmark down equity
benchmark that is US futures on the way
up uh digesting is that the correct uh
verb as far as the Nvidia news is
concerned
uh it's old information it's a new
development what does it mean for
suppliers not much reaction though Cosby
is down 610 cents to 1% that might also
be down to the fact that when you have
SK highix coming through on your next
board uh the Korea exchange issuing a
warning there around the stock given the
fact that it's up what 240% if I'm not
mistaken on that note We're also looking
at other Nvidia suppliers in the region.
TSMC being the biggest. Um although um
some of the other ones of course traded
in Japan and also in Taiwan, right? Uh
in terms of things to watch today, uh
you have the dollar coming through. RBA
rate decision expected to hold. Will it
be a hawkish hold given the recent
inflation print was was on the hotter
side of things. Speaking of hotter as
well, copper is continuing to see its
gains right now and we're looking at
copper futures in Shanghai coming up as
well. 30-year 30-year futures. Speaking
of bonds, yields on the way up just
about across the board. Chinese 30-year
yield is down though when you look at
that on the futures contract. That's
about the lowest in about a year or so.
Dollar China and we are poised to see a
slightly higher open going into the
session this Tuesday.
>> Yeah, you saw Nvidia at least move after
hours and certainly it is a win for
them. Um but you got to wonder how
China's going to react to this obviously
given the fact that you know they've
been kind of doing it on their own for
for some time now. Have we already
reached that inflection point or or can
we actually see a meaningful lift in
Nvidia's China business? I still think
there's a lot of debate over that as
well moving forward.
>> Yeah. Well, what does China need it?
Yeah. Yeah. Right. And the other point
was
>> it's not blackwell either.
>> No, it's not blackwell and and also
Nvidia did say the assumption was zero
and then anything would be a bonus,
right? So, uh we'll see what that means
of obviously for the for the tech
conversation there. Uh separately
there's this
potential deal Hollywood this massive
massive potential deal. a twist.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Hostile takeover [laughter]
and what does it mean for the likes of
Disney and Amazon? Yeah. So, we'll get
into all of that of course in the show
today. Uh speaking of the show, lots to
watch out for. In fact, I think should
be starting any time now. We're told
when you look at the uh what's on deck
today. Uh Chinese premiere is 1 + 10
meeting. So you have the heads of a lot
of the multilaterals, you have the IMF
in play, uh, plus many, many others are
gathered and I think there's a meeting
taking place among the many things of
course on deck today. There we go.
>> Yeah, we're watching CGB futures still
here to sell given what we've been
seeing in the bond market of late and
and certainly uh we're watching of
course this China X rally in Shenzhen
Wanka of course the property space is
still somewhat volatile. We're watching
of course New World as well given that
they also are to defer payment of
perpetual security as well. So watching
New World here in particular here today.
Copper as Dave mentioned, we hit those
uh records here. Uh some of it was some
of what we heard from that polar bear
readout uh in December. So that helped
at least copper spur another leg higher.
And sectors to watch of course given the
Nvidia story obviously is chips. Uh we
talked about the car sales factor and
what this means really for the EV side
of things. We're going to have
[clears throat] Bloomberg intelligence
coming on here and brokerages as well. A
very good one. Uh just given what we've
been seeing in our taking stock here
today. Uh and we still are in window for
some credit data as well. Yeah, from
today all the way until about 6 days
from now,
>> right? Let's get to the Nvidia story and
bring in animal jewelers, of course, a
tech correspondent here with us to help
us understand the Okay, what why don't
you get us started? [laughter]
>> I think you guys actually got us
started, but um yeah, just to recap some
of what you said there. So, the Trump
administration has decided to allow
sales of the H200 chip to China. This is
something that Nvidia has been lobbying
for for several weeks, if not longer.
and and even as Jensen Huang in
Washington for instance last Wednesday
on this very topic. So H200 is a chip
that's specifically designed or
welldesigned has very strong inference
capabilities and inference is is you're
not training the model you're not
building those foundation models.
Inference is is really the deployment of
that technology and it's what allows AI
to really be shifted or moved throughout
the entire economy. It's something that
will reshape businesses as well. So it
is a very significant decision and
actually our our our geopolitics team or
geioeconomics team has a really great
take out on this and this is they're
saying that this is actually the
sharpest pivot we've seen yet on China's
access to this technology. I think the
key question and what we've been
discussing all morning is is really even
with H200 sales will Chinese companies
be allowed to purchase? They weren't
allowed to purchase H20. But at the same
time, H200 is a significantly more
advanced ship than the H20 which was
designed specifically specifically for
the mainland market. H200 was on sale to
US customers and others as last year. I
mean this year you're ramping up into
Blackwell architecture. Next year you're
ramping up into Reuben. So China will
still be a couple of iterations behind.
But at the same time, this is way more
advanced than what they can get in China
right now.
>> Yeah. and seen as I guess sort of a
compromise uh from the US Trump
administration as well. Meanwhile, we're
hearing from the president talking about
you know they want to do away with these
sort of state-based AI rules. What's
what do we know about that?
>> Yeah, this is another one. So, he's
quite active on true social obviously
President Trump and and the other one
that he was talking about overnight is
this rule book for AI because this has
been another sort of a complaint or
issue with with big tech in the US and
the way that it was shaping up was that
you were having a lot of state-based
regulations. So, so states were trying
to to protect consumers living in their
own home areas and so they were looking
at rules to regulate the companies again
on that that state-based level. The US
wants to move it to federalized rules
instead. Uh and that is also to allow
companies to to essentially be able to
operate more easily. Instead of trying
to respond to lots of different
regulations, have one regulation
instead. And and I think as well the the
Trump administration has been very clear
that they've moved in that direction of
less regulation which again is what US
big tech companies want to see. But it
comes back to that bigger question of
competition and if you restrict
companies do you also restrict their
compet ability to compete essentially
what we see from China.
>> Well thank you Annabelle Drillers there
our tech correspondent. Another top
story that we're tracking of course is
what happened uh in that readout that
came out from the Paul Bureau main back
in December. Well, still in December, of
course, right? But what we saw was
senior leadership has set boosting
domestic demand as a top economic
priority for 2026. For more, let's bring
in our chief North Asia correspondent,
Stephen Engel. He's here right now on on
the read on the readout that we got from
the bureau. So there's many ways to read
it, if you will, because it could
indicate that they're very comfortable
essentially with the how 2025
uh ended up and transpired because there
were a lot of pits and valleys and peaks
and valleys, I should say, uh especially
coming out of April, right? But they
leaned on exports even though there were
some headwinds into the export uh
scenario with those Trump tariffs. uh
but yes the Chinese economy has lost a
little momentum in the second part of
this year but again it's not falling off
the cliff right so uh you can look at
this readout is we're we're pretty
comfortable the mostly a continuation uh
for 2026 of 2025 uh fiscal and monetary
policy uh with a few caveats and a few
twists uh they're going to boost new
productive forces uh with an indication
as well that they're not going to rein
in some of that over capacity
in manufacturing in key areas, strategic
areas. Uh so that's one way to look at
it. Also, they added cross-cyclical
policy adjustments into the verbiage as
well, which means they're looking at
longer term planning, not just reaction
to the current stresses in the economy
internally and externally. But
essentially, as you just saw that quote
from Xiinping as a readout from the
Polar Bureau, boosting domestic demand
is the top priority, economic priority
for 2025. Now, that doesn't necessarily
mean we're going to get specific
policies for household consumption.
Domestic demand has lots of different uh
levers in different areas, whether it's
roads, railways, bridges, the typical
cocktail of fiscal spending. uh but
again it they they're going to be
looking at that domestic demand equation
uh and adjust the levers accordingly.
>> So for those economists and you know I
had a quick glance across a lot of the
reaction if you were focused on
short-term measures you didn't get it.
You're largely disappointed. Is that an
accurate representation of what's out
there? of initial reaction,
>> right? We look for the pullet bureau,
then the subsequent central economic
work conference, which will soon meet to
basically take the tone set by the
pullet bureau and put policy to it,
start scripting the policy, uh that will
then essentially be ratified at the
National People's Congress in March,
right? Um so again, we don't know what
the specific policies are going to be,
but the tone does not really indicate
that there's a lots of urgency to do
policy response and fiscal stimulus or
even monetary stimulus. Maybe a little
bit. This is what Jacqueline Wrong.
Maybe we can bring up this quote. She's
uh the chief China economist from BNP
Pariba. Essentially, her assessment of
this readout is they're going to
stimulate demand and stabilize supply.
Next year's policy outlook is likely to
be is likely to lean only towards modest
easing according to Jacqueline. Others
have uh been a little bit more critical
of it. Goldman uh is out with a readout
as well. Lee Jang Wong, the economist,
saying uh they appear somewhat
disappointing. Oh, the policy readout is
somewhat disappointing. Although policy
makers maintain their easing bias, they
appeared less inclined towards
broad-based stimulus measures. So that
goes to your point, David. You know, the
market when the when the Chinese economy
starts slowing down a little bit,
everyone goes, "Okay, policy makers,
where's the stimulus? Bring out the
bazooka, right?" They haven't done that.
They didn't do that in 2025. And by all
indications, if you read the dots and
read the tone,
>> no big stimulus is coming.
>> A lot of times it's what not what's not
been said in these readouts, right? I
think there was not really a direct
mention of the housing market.
That's what Goldman said. They didn't
actually mention consumption. They
mentioned domestic demand, but not
consumption, household consumption,
which is about 40% of GDP, right? Some
say like uh our old friend Steven Roach
says they need to set a target. He set a
target. They hit the target of 50% he
was suggesting. But again, nothing
really specific on consumption. Nothing
on property.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Angel there,
our chief North Asia correspondent. Uh,
still ahead, of course, we're talking
about the battle for Warner Brothers.
Turns [music] nasty with Paramount
making a hostile bid despite the studio
agreeing to a deal with Netflix. We have
NYU Stern School of [music] Business.
Uh, a professor of course joining us to
talk a little more about what's next.
And we're coming down the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, [music] and Hong
Kong. This is the China show.
[music]
Today's move was entirely expected. Um,
we [music] have a deal done and we and
we are incredibly happy with the deal.
We think it's great [music] for our
shareholders. We think it's great for
consumers. We think it's a great way to
create and protect jobs in the
entertainment industry. Uh we're super
confident we're going to get it [music]
across the line and finish. So, we're uh
we're excited.
>> I have to see what percentage of market
they have. We have to see the Netflix
percentage of market. Paramount
the percentage of market.
>> Yep. That was President Trump and
Netflix's co-CEO Ted Sandos there after
Paramount launched a hostile takeover
bid for Warner Brothers at $30 a share.
That bid valuing Warner now at $108
billion plus debt. And it comes just
days after the storied Hollywood studio
agreed to a deal with Netflix. Now
Paramount's bid compares with Netflix's
offer of $27.75
in cash and stock for an enterprise
value of just under 83 billion.
Meanwhile, Paramount's offer is for all
of Warner Brothers, right? While
Netflix's offer is for the Hollywood
Studios, HBO, and the streaming
business. So, that kind of how you break
it all down. For more analysis, let's
bring in Paul Hardard, director of the
entertainment, media, and technology
program at NYU Stern School of Business.
Uh, professor, you know, it's great to
have you on. Thanks so much for joining
us. I I know you've been able to see and
see the the two sides and the two
different bids that are going on right
now. Obviously, what a plot twist that
we've been seeing unfold almost like a
Hollywood drama in some ways as well.
How do you look at it right now? Which
one is the sweeter offer, I guess, for
Warner Brothers?
>> Well, you they're not really apples to
apples comparison, right? Because as you
pointed out there, the um uh Paramount
is offering for the whole stu for
everything including the cable networks
and um
>> the Netflix offer is really just for the
streaming service and the um studio. So,
I think they're different in that way.
They do have an agreement with Netflix.
Uh there are breakup fees if um they
neither one goes forward. So there are
sort of penalties or disincentives for
them not to go forward. I think it'll be
interesting. You know what Paramount is
doing is smart is they're going directly
to the shareholders with a allcash
offer. Uh clearly they've signaled that
they have a good relationship with the
current administration in Washington
that will help sort of um ideally
streamline any regulatory concerns. Um,
so that's the way they're presenting
their offer. Um, my view is that there,
you know, Netflix is going to have to
make concessions uh as it moves forward
uh with this deal and some of those
concessions may be to the benefit of
Paramount. They could maybe sell some of
these assets to Paramount.
>> Okay. Well, Paul, David here, what do
you think happens then?
>> Well, I think I think what happens now
is we are going to go through this
period. Uh, Warner Brothers is going to
look at the offer. There is a $2.8 $8
billion fee for Warner Brothers if they
walk away from the Netflix deal. So I
think that would get have to get
factored into it. You know I think the
thing that emphas that is worth noting
is clearly you know Warner Brothers
stock has gone up almost three and a
half fourfold since these conversations
has started. So it is interesting that
Warner Brothers has been there for a
long time. Um but all of a sudden now
there's interest and once you have two
parties interested the value goes way
up.
And you mentioned about the breakup fees
for for Warner for for Netflix. I mean,
they're willing to pay up, right? 5.8
billion.
>> If this deal doesn't go through uh of
these regulatory issues, I mean, how are
they going to get across that that
finish line in some ways? Which deal do
you think is more likely to pass that
regulatory scrutiny, Paul?
>> Well, I I I think they're both going to
make the argument like you you saw you
showed the clip there of the president
talking about um the percentage of the
market. Um it's all how you define that.
I think Netflix only makes up about 8%
of all television viewing. Uh, and like
I mentioned, they are all now looking at
YouTube as a real competitor and YouTube
is a different service. And I think
that's that's the process they're
looking at. So, if you think of a
customer or a consumer, consumer has a
certain amount of attention and where is
that attention going? It's going to Tik
Tok. It's going to Instagram reels. It's
going to YouTube. Um, and so, you know,
measuring it just as TV viewing or
streaming viewing may not be the best
way to to measure these things.
>> So, so Paul, if let's say Netflix got
what it wanted, fine. If they had to pay
a little bit more, fine. Um, if if
Paramount then get let's call it the
rest of the assets. Let's let's play
that let's play that scenario forward.
>> What does it mean for competition? You
mentioned YouTube. Let's Disney in and
Amazon. How does that how does the
industry look like in 5 years time?
>> Well, you know, ultimately, I mean, I
think this is a signal sort of a shift,
right? We talked about the streaming
wars, effectively the streaming wars.
This could be the conclusion of what we
call the streaming wars. We're moving
more to this world of sort of super
aggregators. Um, it's ultimately, none
of these deals going through is
ultimately going to be great for the
consumer. It's not going to be great for
the ecosystem or the creative community
of Hollywood, but it also feels somewhat
inevitable. So, I think what you're
seeing is we're going to have more and
more of these large uh players, Disney,
Netflix, maybe Amazon, and maybe YouTube
all competing for our time and
attention. And I think that's that's the
bet that they're making.
>> And just to pick up on that, Paul, why
do you think it won't be good for
consumers and the quality of content if
if that's second point is what you're
alluding to as well? Well, I think you
know in any business generally when you
have consolidation right that reduces
the number of choices right that re um
and that gives power to a fewer players
that then can raise prices and will not
are not incentivized to uh innovate and
and bring in new content generally
speaking.
>> Yeah. Uh can you tell I mean President
Trump has kind of in some ways weighed
in a bit. I mean we take a look at this
Paramount bid. It's backed by the
Ellison family. They are allies of the
president. I think some of the equity
backers are, you know, part and or
include Jared Kushner, his son-in-law's
PE firm. What sort of influence do you
think the president is going to have on
this deal?
>> Well, the president, you know, it does
come from to some degree a media
background. I think he's very interested
in this deal. I think he also likes um
having a voice in this. This deal um
does not involve the FCC because there's
not a broadcast network involved. Um, so
I think any influence is going to be
more around a monopoly and both studios
would have to make a case. What you are
going to see is the end of a Hollywood
studio to some degree whether it goes to
Netflix, whether it goes to Comcast,
whether it goes to Paramount. Um, and I
think that's a shift, but it is how you
are measuring, like we said earlier, how
you measuring what monopolistic power
is. And I think the case that Netflix
is, you know, there is some uh Ted
Sandis apparently did meet with the
president earlier this week. So, I think
like we'd mentioned the breakup fee. You
don't make a $5.8 billion breakup fee
unless you think you can make push this
through. They are going to have to make
concessions probably to theater owners,
probably to the creative community of
the gills and also probably it may
involve some degree of Netflix and also
how they window movies for theatrical
release.
>> So, Paul, who needs this more? Does
Netflix need this more or does Paramount
need this more for their future?
Existential future. existential. I would
say just based on the very large offer
and the and the aggressive offer that
Paramount has made, I would think that
Paramount probably needs this more in
the near term. Paramount Plus does not
have the the penetration that Netflix
does. Netflix could take that money and
invest it in content um and probably
continue, you know, uh move on in a very
uh pleasant way. So this is mainly a
play to get some iconic content for for
Netflix uh in the near term. So I think
Netflix could survive much easier. I
think for Paramount and for Comcast it's
a little more existential.
>> Paul fantastic. Thank you sir. Paul
Hardart there director of entertainment
media and technology pro at the
technology program at the NYU Stern uh
school of business. Watch the space as
they say. Right. Tangen index going into
the open [music] today 7 minutes away
from the opening bell slightly to the
upside although inconsistent [music]
and with what we're seeing as far as
futures go. So let's call it another
flat session. We'll see what happens.
This is the China show.
[music]
All right. Uh just a quick glance at the
approach to the opening bell today. So
apart from we're done with earning
season and clearly lack of catalyst
there. Uh we do have some idiosyncratic
sector stories. Case in point, brokers
had a very good day yesterday. Uh we
have a piece out that extrapolates that
into perhaps what we will likely still
see uh going into next year. cars. You
had again disappointing numbers coming
through out of the industry. And apart
from that, copper uh copper's at new
high. So certainly one to watch. Apart
from that, but yes, apart from that,
it's really not much to tell you about
at this point.
>> Yeah. Well, we'll check China chips
though. We'll see how that's fairing
given, you know, one of our top stories
is of course President Trump allowing
Nvidia's H200 exports to China. And
yeah, you are seeing a bit of reaction
there, a negative one from some of these
domestic players in China. More threads
of course that just listed here this
week. We're down about 2 and a half%.
But yeah, how much I mean it went
ballistic there the first day.
>> Yes. Um [laughter] 400%.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so let's call it splitting a
difference.
>> Coming off
>> a little bit. Yeah. [laughter] It's like
a haircut. Take take a little bit off
the top.
>> A snip. A snip.
>> Two and a half%. Okay. We will leave you
with a look at some live pictures coming
through out of Beijing where you have
the oneplus 10 dialogue looks set to
start as we go into the opening bell
separately. And you have of course uh
the Chinese premiere alongside the 10
heads of what seem to be the 10
multilaterals. Of course those are uh
the big banks that span across
continents and mandates. Plenty more
ahead on that and the markets. This is
the China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the [music]
Tuesday session.
And like most of my outfits outside the
telly, uninspired. For anyone that knows
me, it's probably the same thing every
day. And just by Ivon's reaction, you
know that is 100% true.
>> His his signature staple [music] is the
plastic bag carrying his wallet.
>> No brand.
>> Yeah. Um [music] and maybe some some
athleisure. That's most of it really.
Right.
>> With one set. That's it.
>> Yeah. But we'll still try to make this
interesting, right? When it [music]
comes to markets here, obviously we have
the Nvidia news certainly what it means
for the China chip plays. [music] It
could be a bit volatile here today given
the fact that President Trump has now
finally given that green light for
Nvidia to export these H200 chips to
China. Uh so we already have seen some
of these chip plays in China uh react a
bit negatively. You are seeing the likes
of Camber Conte down some 3%. We also
had that readout from that follow-up
bureau meeting for December, right? and
seems like there was a pretty upbeat
tone from the top leadership here. And
the lack of concerns when it comes to
the slowdown in growth that we've seen
heading into the fourth quarter, of
course, uh is something of what Goldman
Sachs is disappointing that maybe we
might not see meaningful stimulus for
next year. So maybe that's why we're not
seeing that much reaction uh when it
comes to markets here. We're slightly
under pressure here when it comes to
onshore where CSI 300 is down about a
quarter of 1%. Bonds are ticking a
little bit higher here. We're seeing
yields down about one basis points on
the 30-year yield as well. So, we're
watching that very closely here. And of
course, we're still watching the likes
of copper, right? So, we hit a record on
the back of some of the policy that we
saw from that polyure meeting. Actually,
copper prices uh hit another record
here. We're seeing just a little bit
upside there when it comes to the
futures in China here today. Flip the
boards and see how Hong Kong is doing.
Uh certainly when it comes to tech
space, that might be under pressure here
today. Just slightly. Not much in terms
of movement here today. Uh, of course it
is, of course, the day before the Fed.
So, certainly there is a lot of
anticipation around that. And then, of
course, you watch very closely what's
been going on uh in the property space.
Seems like we're seeing Hangen property
slightly lower here today as well. Uh
there has been news some news about New
World and deferring a payment there on
some of the perpetual bonds. So, that
certainly is another uh thing to contend
with in the property space. Uh but also
when it comes to the tech space, we're
pretty mixed in terms of reaction.
Alibaba is actually still up 1 and a.5%.
M1 and BU are lower. 10 cent Xiaomi just
slightly higher here right now. 707 for
your dollar China still seeing some
strength here today. Uh I guess the
biggest sort of most obvious sector to
watch. We talked about the car sales
that was also another weak picture, but
we didn't see that much movement in the
stocks in the pre-market is the chip
space though. That could be where you're
seeing a direct impact from this whole
Nvidia news as well. And there you go.
You are seeing the likes of Huahung semi
down some 3%. More threads also down
about 1 and a.5% here. Just a slight
reaction there too, Dave.
>> Yeah, it's been quite across these
markets. Uh we've had a lot of news flow
though today. Uh interesting. We're not
really getting the market to react to
it. It's really been an eventful year.
In fact, just um I think on that note,
right, we're wrapping up with a couple
of weeks left here before we wrap up if
not already for some houses out there.
Right. So, first time in 8 years that
we've seen a performance spread between
what's called MEI channel one. You take
the spread annual over SNP or even the
global stocks, right? So MSA China set
to outperform the S&P for the first time
since 2020 by this amount since 2017.
That's point number one. Point number
two is uh it's really been a story about
a reversion to the mean as far as the PE
goes in valuations, right? In fact,
we're now slightly higher than the
historical average because of that uh
sort of uh multiple expansion, which
also shows you that at some point
earnings will need to show up to bring
us back down slightly. Joining us here
to wrap up the year and to look ahead to
the new year, Michael Young, chief
investment officer, Foundation Asset
Management here with us on set. Nice to
see you.
>> Thank you. Thanks for having me.
>> I think we last spoke probably May, a
few months ago. A few months ago, lots
has happened since then. Yeah.
>> So, how do I look at what's happened
this year and how does it inform me
about how how we do next year in Chinese
markets?
>> Firstly, I like it's a new setting. It's
a lot more friendly. Glad
>> you like it.
>> I'm glad you noticed. Some people walked
in and they were like, "What's new?" I'm
like, "Well, okay." But [laughter] yeah.
>> Well, this year has been story of
valuation expansion, right? Okay. If you
look at the pees right now for Hansen
index, it's about 13 and a half times
>> about 80 90 percentile here. So, it's
not cheap on the historical,
>> you know, perspective. Um CSI 300 of
course is always slightly more expensive
the henang but given the local I mean
local do the domestic government support
and everything and liquidity I think
it's probably reasonable to say at these
valuations but I think hen probably will
feel some face some downside pressure
next year
>> how much more down how much downside
>> well it's very hard to tell but I say
well downside could be 10 the upside
could be five so you know the downside
is probably twice as much
>> as the upside risks.
>> Okay. Uh why is that?
>> Because we done well or
>> Yeah. number one is valuation. Number
two, I think we got through the first
phase of rally. If there's a second
phase, we need to see earnings to catch
up,
>> right? But uh look at the uh recently
have heard some news on the banks you
know regarding banker situation and then
of course domestic consumption has been
on the weaker side subject to government
stimulus and then you have these uh
subsidies for EVs and home appliances
and going to taper off next year maybe
reduce maybe totally you know taken off
uh yearon-year comparison going to be
hard
>> and of course you got the e-commerce um
sector right they compete like crazy for
market share
But in my opinion is fighting a losing
battle here because the overall
consumption as a whole that pie is not
growing. Are you really fighting for the
market share of it? I mean what's the
end game of this?
>> Do you tilt more towards the Asia market
then onshore you getting better
riskreward there? I think the there's a
lot more growth stories there right like
you mentioned there are chips there
there are new energy you know there a
lot of different themes at play at Asia
but in Hong Kong still predominantly
driven by financial sectors and telos
and oil companies that's not very
exciting
>> it was going into this year it was
easier to [snorts] to to pick the winner
of a sector and that name remained the
winner right so I think not to name
names that you pick a sector number one
market share they're likely going to be
the winner. What's happened this year to
your point they spent so much to defend
that market share that's falling.
>> Um I believe long short as you mentioned
is the is the way to go next year long
the winners short the winner short the
losers. How do I find out what criteria
do I use to figure out who the winners
are?
>> Yeah I think the easier way is not
making assumption of the economy going
to continue to grow or the pile continue
to grow. I think like make assumption
which company will be able to take a
market share
without sacrificing margins which is a
very tough job which is a very tough job
>> especially now
>> especially now right because uh the the
pie is just not expanding well given an
example probably everybody will
understand you know in my opinion the
Nvidia story is similar this they're
defending the GPU market share
and then you have people like TPUs
coming out from Google and from AWS
right uh Um yeah sure the industry is
still growing but you know Nvidia it's
gross margin is about 60 to 70%.
>> The rest of the AI plays including the
hyperscalers that net margin is between
30 sorry 20 to 30%. So immediate net
margin is about 30%age higher
>> than the rest of the crowd.
>> To me that's an invitation for
competition.
You have a situation you know back down
back to China situation you have
situation like this right when you have
a such a higher margin business not so
high in China not in the 30s or or 50s
but still there's still a lot of
liquidity but they want to compete you
know for example recently you have some
competition in autoglass such a dinosaur
business why would you go into that
business you know because the
marginalized speed because The industry
has been consolidates for so long.
There's only a couple of players has
very dominant market share with a very I
wouldn't call it fat but reasonable
margins about 20%.
>> And the other guys look at oh my net
margin is five eight this 20 is very
enticing so let's pile into that and
then
>> I'm not saying they all crash down but
I'm saying the mar the margin uh will be
reduced because of that. So then talk
about 2026
uh if you continue that thought you'll
see will be increasing competition
margin under pressure so there will be
less winners potentially more losers
that's why I'm saying potentially you
might see more downside and upside here
>> do you see I mean can you give us an
example of of a company that is
maintaining market share and its margins
right now
>> um if we can talk about names or
generally speaking you know I mean
>> theoretically
theoretically think like uh the
companies with very sticky business
model
>> for example 10 cent
>> okay
>> you know their social network is so
sticky you you hardly can move away from
it because you think they charge you too
much or there's too much advertisement
you cannot move away because the rest of
your friends are on it
>> so that kind of a business they have a
pricing power and a very little
competition there someone to create
another wechathat ecosystem tomorrow is
not possible
>> okay
>> especially in this environment for a
company like that we're very sticky
customer base not I mean technology
advancement innovation is great
>> but I think the name of the game for
next year
>> is about having a very sticky business
model very solid subscriber or customer
base
>> it's almost like picking a monopoly but
[snorts] uh and that's the extreme
concept of course right you know in a
company with high barriers to entry you
mentioned Nvidia But not everyone can
become an Nvidia, right? It takes many
years. A lot of people arguably can make
I don't know car glass easier.
>> Um
>> yeah, but so we're back to the the same
point in terms of just being able to
figure out which which companies do have
that sort of sticky power, whether
that's the sector, whether that's the
product and do you think uh in an
economy that is not doing as well, that
remains the the strategy to go? I think
still I mean I'm not saying
>> and if the economy turns is the question
too like how does that change the
thesis? Yeah, I think still 2C business
is easier to figure out is it's a closer
to us.
>> You know, we have a sense of feeling or
gut feeling towards what's going on in
the consumer space. Uh to be business is
harder.
>> Okay.
>> Uh especially in in area where product
innovation dominates because do we
really know what's the next blockb here?
Do we really know what's the next way of
smart way of doing this uh large
language models? You know, I mean that's
really at a play. But for for for the
companies with a large customer base,
>> they can always sell through their new
innovations or take some from someone
from somewhere else and sell through
their customer base.
>> That's a good point.
>> I think that's very that's easier to to
look at, you know, to to figure it out.
Yeah.
>> To monetize the the
>> customer. Yes.
uh in terms of the risk next year, what
what is some of the things that you're
you're focusing on for 2026, Michael?
>> I think on everybody's mind is AI. You
know, I think there's a circular
financing come to an end in my opinion.
My humble opinion that could be too
early.
>> Uh but the cowboy mentality just
spending you know increasing scales I
think that's behind us
>> really people want everything right.
Okay, you have a huge capex fine but
where's the margin? Where's the return?
Where's the subscriber growth? I mean if
you under those
lights I think very few companies
probably can make investor happy.
>> Okay. The one last question here.
>> We've been asking our guests and you
you've set it up perfectly
>> in the scenario that US mega cap
corrects next year. Right. So if someone
gets someone disappoints on capex and
everything else starts you know
multiples start narrowing and and and
coming back down. Where does it leave
Chinese markets? What do you think the
correlation is
>> between this cohort and that cohort of
>> very strong correlation I cannot escape
if there's something happens in the US.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Michael, it's great to have you
Michael. We'll see you next year. Chief
Investment Officer at Foundation Asset
Management Hong Kong. We'll bring you
some live pictures that we're seeing
here of course with Premier Lee Chang.
There is meeting in the 1 + 10 dialogue
in Beijing. So this is kind of the
multilaterals as Dave mentioned earlier,
the 10 economic international
organizations including the likes of the
new development bank, the president of
the World Bank, AJ Banga, Cristina Jova,
the MD of the IMF also when it comes to
the WTO and the like. So obviously
there's going to be a lot of talk there.
You see Andrew Bailey there. He's
actually chair of the financial
stability board. That's what he's
representing here today, not the BOE.
But yes, uh yeah, we'll have you more
give you more updates once we hear from
of course this meeting. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, continue to focus on of
course the consumption space as well.
while car sales in China actually fell
for a second straight month in November
as discounts failed to make up for the
end of a trade in subsidy. Let's get
more now with our team. Our Asia
transfer reporter Linda Lou and also our
Bloomberg intelligence analyst Joanna
Chen with more analysis. Linda, I'll
start with you. So, another bad month.
What's what what do we know that and
what we learned? Yeah, this is
especially concerning because the last
quarter of the year is usually the
busiest well one of the busiest uh sales
period because this is when car makers
really make the final push to reach
their annual sales target. The fact that
November actually uh car sales actually
fell 8% is quite concerning and you even
have industry bodies essent essentially
saying this is quite rare. So this just
really adds to a lot of the headwinds
that Chinese car makers are facing right
now.
>> And yeah, let let me bring in before we
talk about the survey, just your
thoughts on how the year's been and why
are we seeing this current soft spot
going into what seasonally should be a
good month as Linda was pointing out.
>> Yes, it's actually a lot of policy
volatilities here. So the first half of
this year is really supercharged by the
trading policies by the central and
local governments. And as we approach
November, I mean, the subsidies are
starting to uh run dry and then many
local governments are already wrapping
up their uh subsidies. So that's why we
see this soft spot in auto sales and
it's actually all eyes on 2026 and
[clears throat] we still don't know if
China is going to extend the trading
subsidies. We are thinking very likely
but details of the policies are still
lacking.
>> Yeah. You mentioned about you know
gradually phasing out these subsidies,
right? What is the implication for 2026
and beyond and is it really going to
hurt in any way EV adoption in China?
>> So 2026 we are definitely seeing slower
sector growth first the subsidy cuts and
also it's like higher base effects
getting higher every year. So the growth
rate is going to slow down but adoption
rates uh we are seeing that EVs are
still getting market share higher every
year and as an expense of gasoline cars
and how China plays it is like they stop
uh not stop like gradually facing our
trade uh like uh subsidies and tax
incentives for EVs. So those less
competitive automakers they stop getting
fans and that let the industry
consolidate and in terms like uh
actually China will be pulling more
subsidies into the charging
infrastructure for a healthier long-term
growth of the sector.
>> What are you hearing uh around uh
subsidies next year? not so much from
the government side but as far as you
what the players and OEMs are starting
to prepare for strategically going into
next year.
>> Uh the industry bodies definitely are
urging the government to consider
renewing the trade and subsidies. Uh
they point to you know China is facing a
weakening economy that's really weighed
on consumer sentiment. So the trade and
subsidy has been a big boost in demand
uh considering now China is cracking
down on this price war. So um there's
actually not a lot of space for the
manufacturers
>> to keep discounting. So the subsidy is
going to pay even a bigger role uh
coming into the next year. So I would
say the entire industry from
manufacturers to uh bodies that advocate
for them they are really hoping for
another extension.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And it comes down to maybe
technology too, Joanna. How do you see
maybe this change in the industry
landscape when you have things like
autonomous driving for example? How does
it changing things and who has the more
competitive edge now?
>> I mean all those smart technology is
super important in China now and Chinese
consumers actually rank it as number one
reason why they choose a battery
electric vehicle instead of like a
traditional gasoline car. So uh in that
space we are seeing the automakers
reputation actually diverge according to
our BI survey that uh about uh half of
the respondents saying that they would
only use autonomous driving if it's
provided by EV pure play or the like
tech firms like Huawei Xiaomi and this
kind of stuff uh and only like 10% of
them saying that they trusting those
technologies from legacy like uh
Japanese and German auto brands. So you
were definitely saying that this smart
tech is reshaping automakers reputation
brand images and where if you win on the
smart technology front then usually you
get a greater competitive edge.
>> Yeah I think there we go in terms of
just brand preference.
>> Yeah
>> you see there
>> what did you buy Ivon? No so [laughter]
no but but to the point that Joanna was
just making right. [clears throat] So it
it's further down the list you have what
used to be when we were growing up you
know the you know the cars of choice
right but now it's really
>> you got to show me the well you got to
show me the tech then prove to me you're
a car
>> show me the cool gadgets
>> yeah all the like there um great survey
thank you so much of course and our
thanks to Linda Lou Asia transfer
reporter and Joanna Chand there our
Bloomberg intelligence analyst as well
um yeah we've also have switched to EVs
>> sevenseater Chinese brand
>> I'll let you guess They're really really
>> They're great.
>> They're fancy, right? But I am actually
>> My favorite feature is the is the
fridge.
>> There's a fridge.
>> There's a fridge and you can adjust hot
and cold.
>> Okay. Well, Ivonne's always she needs
her latte and every now and then she
needs the bubble for groceries.
>> Oh, sorry. Okay. [laughter] Or for
pakoy. Okay. All right. Uh plenty more
ahead. We'll leave it at markets.
don't have a one person
um tech uh dragging today, but not by a
lot.
[music]
In the world news this morning, a
powerful magnitude 7.5 earthquake struck
last night off of Japan's [music]
northeast coast. Authorities have lifted
all tsunami warnings for the prefectures
of Amorei, Hokkaido, and Yawatt. [music]
Japanese Prime Minister Sai Takichi says
30 people have been reported injured,
but we've [music] had no reports of
significant impact on infrastructure or
nuclear power stations. [music]
Ukraine and its European allies say
they're increasingly confident of
reaching a deal to [music] use frozen
Russian assets following talks in
London. The UK Prime Minister's office
says discussions made positive progress
on funding as [music] a US winds back
aid to Ukraine. But Ukrainian President
Vladimir Zilinski told Bloomberg before
that London meeting that [music]
territorial and security issues require
further discussion. President [music]
Trump has signaled he could impose fresh
tariffs on agricultural products,
including Canadian fertilizer and Indian
rice. It's the latest sign that
protracted negotiations with two [music]
US trading partners could drag on even
longer. Two separate US delegations are
in New Delhi this week for talks,
[music] but officials say they don't
expect any immediate announcement of a
trade deal.
>> Right. Uh just a few uh pockets of uh
movers we're looking at. Cha hook. This
is a Jeffre call and a cut on the uh on
the call coming out of the brokerage.
Weak sales outlook. We're down about 1%
on that. The consumer retail sales have
been weak despite uh gold and jewelry
sales outperforming uh so far. But that
yeah that's the note coming out of Jeff.
Uh let's move things along. Have a look
at biotech. So this is a JP Morgan call.
Deeper cuts on prices as far as the
latest uh drug reimbursement list is
concerned. But while that may be the
case, don't expect proportionate
downside in some of these names as well
uh coming to other GP markets. So not as
bad, right? Uh the opposite side of this
is copper. And when you look at copper
prices, whether that's the LME or the
contract in Shanghai, which is the one
uh well the LME contracts, bottom of the
screens, um we're looking at declines
there despite the fact that we are at
records. Although that being said, the
copper price itself, 14 uh week RSI is
at highest since I think May of last
year. So this has really been one a
massive standout in the commodity space
in the last few uh weeks or so. Okay, uh
that's a look at some of the movers
right now. We have lots more on the way
here on the China show. We'll have a
look at broad markets. We'll recap some
of the big stories like the Nvidia China
story. Uh we are in the window for
credit numbers coming through [music]
out of China. Equity markets are flat
this morning. Plenty morehead. This is
the China show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI half hour into the session
and it is looking pretty [music] quiet
out there. We're just down by about a
third of 1%. Of course, we're waiting
for the Fed. Uh obviously there's that
Avidia story that is kind of giving some
pressure to some of these Chinese chip
makers uh in China here today. But other
than that, not a whole lot of conviction
here as we countd down to of course the
end of 2025.
>> Yeah, after all the I'm going to hit you
with a big word now. The vicissitudes of
the market this year. Yeah, it's a it's
a period of calm and quite quite fiddly
boringness. um uh going into the end of
this year so far. Half of 1% to the
downside that really doesn't tell you a
lot about where this market's been. And
also when you look underneath the hood,
the the range of the movers really
doesn't tell you a lot. It's very tight
on individual names as well with the
exception of like SKH Highix, which is a
uh an example. We'll talk about that
later of course in the warnings coming
through from the exchange itself uh on
the stock. Okay, that's a benchmark
story which is really a nothing burger
story. Chip story coming up. I think
we're looking at declines there among
some of the Chinese chips. That takes us
maybe into the Nvidia stories. Some
declines, not a lot.
>> Some have turned positive as you spoke.
>> Yeah, the more threads one. Um, how much
did it do on Friday?
>> 400%.
>> 46.
>> Ah, bells here. Yeah. Top of 502%.
>> Okay. Okay. That on that note, let's
let's bring in Annabal Jewelers of
course here with us on set if she hasn't
made her presence felt [laughter]
already on the chip story. But the big
one we woke up to this morning was the
headline that Nvidia will now be allowed
to sell chips to China. What do we know?
>> We know, well, that's exactly what we
know that that the Trump administration
after really weeks of deliberations and
consultations, lobbying efforts from
Nvidia as well, has decided to
greenlight Nvidia to sell these chips to
China. Now, the H200 is a chip that was
actually only being sold to US companies
and others as as late as last year. So,
it really is not too far behind where we
are today, which is Blackwell
architecture, and then we go into Reuben
architecture next year. But the Reuben,
the H200 chip rather, is is
significantly more advanced than China's
been able to access before, which was
the H20, uh, which was designed
specifically for the mainland market.
H200 was was a broader chip. It's one
that's got very strong inference
capabilities. And as we were discussing
in the last hour, you need chips that
are designed or strong in training for
building up the foundation models.
Inference is how you actually start to
deploy that technology. So as businesses
start to use uh AI technologies, you
really need those inference
capabilities. So the H200 is perfectly
suited for this process. So that is what
they've been allowed to do. We've got
the take from our team at at our
geoeconomics team and they're saying
that this is really the biggest pivot
we've seen from the Trump administration
ever really when it comes to China's
access to this technology just given how
sophisticated the technology is. But at
the same time, it still comes back to
that key question. How does China
respond to this? We know from the true
social post that President Trump said
he'd informed President Xi and that
President Xi had responded positively,
but what does it actually mean in terms
of of the willingness of of Beijing to
allow Chinese companies to say, "Yeah,
we want these."
>> Yeah. Yeah, I mean you mentioned it it's
it's significantly more advanced than
the H20,
but there is that rhetoric from the
Beijing side to maybe not use foreign
chips, right, and their whole sort of AI
development. So, where does that tell
you in terms of China's AI trajectory
moving forward?
>> I think it it depends. I mean, it
depends on on where they want to go and
how they actually want to do they
actually want to use H200. We don't know
that just yet. We know that Nvidia has
completely taken China out of any of
their forward guidance calculations.
They in the latest earnings we saw
they'd removed any chance of of China
revenue. It is of course it's a
multi-billion dollar opportunity. China
does face a shortfall. You've got Huawei
for instance that has the Ascens
inroads and they're saying that again
this has some strong inference
capabilities. Maybe not the level of
Nvidia but you're still trying to catch
up. But at the same time, Nvidia and the
foundaries, Hua Wong, SMIC can only
produce so much. And and that has been
sort of one of the key constraints is
just the ability to meet the demand in
the market. Even though you've got these
players that are again producing less
sophisticated technology than than
Nvidia, but still chip technology, and
you've seen that from from more threads,
of course, it's, you know, making fully
functional GPUs, but you've got the
likes of of Cambercon as well, another
well-known chip developer in China. So,
the ecosystem is growing, but I think
again it comes back to that key
question, where does it actually land
with Beijing and and what do they want
and how do they assess their
capabilities? And I guess it's a
trade-off. You know, if you take the
H200 chip from China,
>> does that in any way sty your efforts to
also build up your self-sufficiency?
Well, speaking of President Trump also
chiming in signaling he wants to do away
with state sponsored
>> state based rules based rules around
state based rules which which is uh I
guess not surprising in some ways that
the way that AI's rules were shaping up
in the US was actually starting to get
quite convoluted and complex because
they were regulating on a state-based
level and and that is quite challenging
for tech companies that face rules in
one state but different set of rules in
another state and so the the question or
the complaint from big tech has been is
that you're going to slow us down if we
have to try and meet all of these
different rules. President Trump has
been on True Social and he's saying that
moving forward they just want to have
one rule book and he's going to be
issuing executive order this week. So,
we do want to get details on exactly
what that rule book would like look
like. Of course, we've seen a draft of
it already, but but hopefully get more
details and and again, it comes back to
that key question of competition because
the the what big tech is saying is that
you can't overregulate us. You can't
regulate us in too many different ways
because you just slow down our ability.
You slow down our ability, it also
impacts our ability to compete with
China.
>> Well, thank you. Our Asia Tech
correspondent Annabelle Jewelers there.
Um, another big story of course we've
been tracking is is this readout from
that December Paul Bureau meeting which
we were looking for maybe any signs of
what the policy outlook is going to look
like for 2026 and I think some have
basically said uh pretty muted response
I guess from now and somewhat
disappointing in particular because I
think the tone was quite upbeat right
there was that lack of concern in terms
of the growth side of things where we
have seen actually growth slow down
quite a bit in the fourth quarter. Uh
and then what was not mentioned right
this deterioration in the property
sector no mention of anti-involution
>> either as well this campaign which some
have said is maybe that's why we're
seeing investment in capex really kind
of drop off significantly as well. No
mention of that. What does that tell you
about where things go on that too? Yeah.
Well, the you know against the backdrop
of cycllically the data has actually
started to become soft. Yeah.
>> Recently with the exception of exports
which actually have held up and that
might be one of the sort of bright spots
and tailwinds perhaps. But it's also
we're in between
>> processes. Right. So there's there's the
bureau meeting which sets the tone for
the economic work conference and might
we get more details there because then
they work out the blueprint of what the
March meeting is going to look like
>> with growth targets
>> growth target like yeah
>> um but yeah I mean you simply look at
bond market reaction so far it's
actually gone the opposite way bond
futures actually fell I think going into
today which you're seeing a bit of a
bounce but you take a step back bond
futures are actually down the lowest
level in the year so actually yield
should be picking up a little bit
further isn't that telling us that
somehow
um the inflation story will take care of
itself uh and the bond bond markets
actually see some inflation down the
road. Yeah. Which is not too worrying
for uh for policy makers. The other
thing too which is not mentioned but I
think is part of it is when you look at
the subtle shift in the currency uh and
that leaning into the leaning against
the strength because they had been
leaning into strength right and how that
how that goes into economic policy
>> uh for next year more proactive but it's
really more of the same and I think the
Goldman line actually underscores the
point that they were somewhat
disappointed
uh but it doesn't obviously point to uh
the lack of support. It was just a lack
of new support. At least we haven't
heard it in this point so far.
>> Compared to the last readout, I think
they they talked about stabilizing the
property market and the stock market.
Yes.
>> Seems like they've achieved at least the
the latter one.
>> Um but no mention this time in terms of
the housing sector. I think that was
where the disappointment lies. Uh also
you mentioned about the fact that you
know when it comes to no mention of
anti-involution
>> maybe the whole you know concerns around
over capacity like maybe are not as
entrenched as we thought it was. that
was according to what some economists
have thought in terms of the signals
sent on that front as well. But then
again, we'll see, right? So that's
really what the readout is and what
people are interpreting here so far. Um
but yeah, the market reaction has been
pretty muted to say the least.
>> Okay. Yeah. So uh in fact later on I
believe our folks at Bloomberg economics
are coming on as well to help us unpack
that story, the output for next year. Uh
maybe the currency, we'll talk more
about that. Uh but before we get to
currencies, we'll talk rates and
everything fixed income. JP Morgan Asset
joins us in a couple of minutes to talk
us [music] through their latest
quarterly review and really what's been
a year where high yield has done
exceptionally well compared to uh most
other peers in the fixed income space.
Julio Kaligari joins us in a couple of
minutes. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, welcome back. Uh, a glance at
currencies. We have an RBA decision in
about There we go. An hour 19 minutes
and 7 seconds. There we go. Um, the no
change expected for today. In fact, no
change I think for three meetings now.
But you look further out in terms of
pricing. You know what? A hike's
actually slightly being priced as the
next move. Uh, we'll we'll see what
happens with that. Of course, there's
been a fairly hot inflation print, the
most recent one out of the RBA. Uh when
you look at the BOJ, obviously that's a
rate hike if and when. I think City
joined us yesterday, and they think it's
going to be a hike uh it's going to be
hike before the end of the year. It's
going to be hike again in a six-month
increment until they get to one and a
half%. So, you know, hikes are suddenly
part of the vocabulary these days. Now,
>> all that is to say, there's also a Fed
that's going the opposite way this week,
and how low they go is actually still up
for debate. Our next guest actually sees
support for global bond markets
continuing into 2026. You have a lot of
com as you can see performance across
high yield treasuries
uh investment grade have all done well.
High yield has obviously done better
better than others. Uh let's bring in
Julia Kaligari Asia fixed income CIO at
JP Morgan asset management. Very nice to
see you. Good morning.
>> Good morning. Thank you for having me.
So it's been so calm has been restored
and geopolitics has also started to
behave itself. Inflation seems to be
settling higher but settling I think is
the proper word for now. What does it
mean for the investment environment next
year?
>> I think it's relatively benign because
this is an environment in which on the
back of a relatively soft labor market
in US
>> the Fed may cut a couple of times in our
view. Um at the same time in which for
the rest of emerging markets for example
the cuts are largely done. We are
talking more about pause you you just
mentioned RBA right and and now if
anything the market is starting to price
the odds of a hike next year. This is
also true for New Zealand to some extent
to South Korea. So I think this is an
environment in which we see Fed cutting
most of the other central banks pausing
or thinking about hiking and this
[clears throat] will in our view
reinforce a bit of this dollar weakness
which tends to be relatively good for
the rest of the world.
>> Should I expect them longerterm yields
globally to remain quite sticky then?
Yes, because even though we see you know
the Fed cutting a couple of times, uh
inflation is still relatively sticky as
well. Um and this is an environment that
probably we are not going to see a lot
of cuts.
>> Uh and if the rates are sort of range
trading, uh the market will keep buyers
for some sort of uh uh u carry uh uh
investment profile. uh but if the dollar
is getting slightly weaker where we see
a big opportunity is in Asia FX because
Asia FX never participated in the rally
that we saw in 2025.
>> So if the market ended up delivering
what is priced now meaning Fed cuts and
no cuts elsewhere we think this is an
environment that probably will favor you
know the local space in Asia. How do we
need to look at the risk of inflation
and I call it the risk not so much
because we haven't really seen it the
risk of inflation reacelerating because
>> you know these economies have yet to
feel the full extent of the lag in
monetary policy that we've been easing
all of this year
>> and then you have the likelihood of more
fiscal stimulus coming next year isn't
that a recipe for likely more inflation
than than the opposite
>> right well in Asia in particular we we
are quite comfortable
>> okay
>> reason being well we never had tariffs
Right. Second is if anything China is
still exporting some disinflation.
Right. And the third element is the
starting point is relatively low.
Inflation has always been relatively low
in in Asia. So particularly here I don't
think we we should be you know really
concerned about big spike in inflation.
>> We were just talking about the
outperformance of this year whether it
was high yield. I mean, EM debt, for
example, have really kind of in some
ways surpassed the performance that
we've seen in treasuries.
>> Is that likely to be the case? I mean,
what's the strategy for next year now?
>> Yeah, we think that there's still room
to have a gang outperformance, you know,
in the dollar space in EM and and Asia
high yield in particular. So why first
of all we still see some premium versus
DM particularly in the high yield space
both in EM high yield in general uh but
also in Asia high yield you still have
something like 60 70 bips of premium uh
even when you exclude the China real
estate which is the most controversial
one
>> uh you still have some premium and we
think that the environment is relatively
benign in terms of growth. So if this is
sort of carry in the high yield space
continues, we think that we're going to
see the third year of outperformance of
Asia Hyde versus DM and in emerging
markets in general even though it's true
that spreads are tight but they are
tight for good reasons. Fundamentally
there was an improvement in terms of
let's say the debt to GDP versus DM.
Most countries now have a proper
inflation targeting regime. uh inflation
is better anchored etc. So we think that
and and the supply has been relatively
limited uh so I think this combination
will probably sustain another
outperformance. Yeah, and I know we ask
you this question every time on supply.
You know, almost in a six-month cadence
basis, we talked to you. Do you see any
any new signs that supply is perhaps
going to the supply story is going to
change?
>> Well, we don't think it's going to
change much on a relative basis. More DM
story supply.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, um help us understand that as you
look into, you know, steepeners have
been
>> have done very well
>> this year. Is there anything to expect
that doesn't continue next year?
Well, I think that the risk here is as a
baseline the stiffener should still be
okay. Okay.
>> Right. Because if the Fed is cutting
>> with the economy okay and there is more
supply of debt in US, it's kind of
expected that we could see additional uh
uh steepening. The risk is what if you
know we see some sort of new round of US
exceptionalism and growth is way
stronger than people thought right and
then in the end the Fed does not deliver
the cuts that the market is pricing in
so in that sort of environment we could
see you know a damage to the steepening
trade. Um I was going to get your take
on on you mentioned the BOJ that might
be ready to I guess some start this rate
hiking cycle. We started to see more
foreign investors really storming into
this market in some way. What what sort
of impact do you think this could have?
>> Right. Well, it's definitely I mean the
the trend seems to be for some
normalization right from the BOJ
perspective which if it's happening
simultaneously with the Fed cut
definitely one key difference is that
rate differential that was always so in
favor of shorting the Japanese yen
because the rates differential was so
against Japan. Now we are finally seeing
a substantial uh uh uh normalization. If
you look at the very long end of the
Japanese yield curve, right, the the 30
year is already paying 3 and a half%. So
it's becoming juicy actually if you buy
the Japanese yen and you convert it back
into dollars, you ended up getting
gaining more than treasuries. Um so on
the back of this normalization we think
that it's possible that we finally see
the yen you know proving to be you know
more better performing better or
stronger uh versus recent years and we
think that this is one of the anchors in
the Asia FX is the Japanese yen and also
the Chinese remain uh holding up better
than before.
Maybe one last question on on Japan
because it's you know the the example I
can think of with you know positive real
rates returning in Japan is almost akin
to when China entered the WTO from an
economic basis right it's almost like
you have this massive new factor to
consider that people were not used to
we've you know I can't remember the last
time Japan had a positive real interest
rate and the Fed was cutting let alone
those two together
>> right
>> longerterm implications for you when you
look at longerterm strategy what does
that mean for guys like you in the
business long term,
>> right? So one I think that what's
potentially really big happening in the
region if we continue to see this path
>> is
much less you know investment from Asia
necessarily going into the rest of the
world and particularly US. Just to give
you one number that I think is quite
impressive.
>> Over the last 12 months, if you take the
five biggest current account surplus in
the region,
there was a surplus of $1.3 trillion
only in 12 months,
>> right?
If all this money that typically has
been flowing to the DM and US in
particular is just going less. So I
think the importance of this is is not
that you need a lot of repatriation
right it's not that you need a lot of
selling
>> let's say USSN less departures
>> is less departures you can have a
meaningful impact in terms of flows
>> staying in Asia I think this is
something
>> that could be relatively new because has
been happening for so long that people
even forgot about this possibility
>> yeah Asia exceptionalism let's call it
that sort of
>> Julio on that note thank you Julio
Caligar there, CIO of Asia Fixed Income
at JP Morgan Asset Management. I look
how Asian markets are doing as we get to
this break here as well. We talked about
quiet [music] is and yeah, looking at
onshore and we are seeing Shenzhen's
still doing very well right now. Shinex
is up 8/10en of 1% really bucking the
trend here this [music] morning. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, welcome back. Uh, yeah, I
think something's done well. Uh, and no,
it hasn't been gold of late. It's been
silver though if you look at precious
metals, but within the commodity space,
it's been the story has been silver and
it's been this.
>> Yeah. 33% year to date. And that
acceleration and that steepening of the
slope rightmost side of your screen just
underscores the story of late. It's not
just this. You look at the copper price
in Shanghai's also done um a a similar
dance to the upside there. Uh you had
the polit bureau set uh that's the China
story the angle here domestic growth the
top economic priority next year despite
of course some of the comments coming
through out of the analyst side of
things. You have stockpiling of the
metal in the US. You have the looming
tariff conversation perhaps as more of
the risk. But you look at the biggest
miners biggest mines in the world. And
it's easy to understand why folks aren't
too excited over looming um a looming
supply of an avalanche of supply coming
through. To put everything together for
us, Martin Richie in Shanghai, our
metals and mining reporter, risking
asking you the obvious, Martin, why is
copper doing what it's doing?
Um I'll just uh I'll just focus on one
aspect of it. Um you you you mentioned
uh China and the polit bureau statements
uh yesterday but I think what's what's
and that's part of it but what I think
the major driver of copper at the moment
and over the last few weeks during this
very powerful rally it's uh it's
expectations that next year uh President
Trump may put uh tariffs on refined
copper the most widely traded form of
the of the metal and uh you know traders
uh from Asia from Latin America uh are
rushing copper to the US. Uh before that
happens, prices of futures in the US are
are still at a premium to the rest of
the world. So they can make money by
getting as much copper to the US,
stockpiling it there as possible. And
this is leaving potentially leaving the
rest of the world um a bit short. And
that kind of narrative is what's been
driving the price over the past few
weeks. And we've seen a lot of bullish
calls emerge as well uh in recent
months. Uh Mercuria, which is now a
major force in copper trading, seen say
they see half a million tons going to
the US uh next quarter. Uh and we had
Cityroup uh with a call for 13,000 uh a
ton by the second quarter uh next year.
That's versus uh just under sort of uh
12K at the moment. So there is a lot of
uh sort of uh bullish noise around at
present because of this US tariff trade.
>> Yeah, certainly you add that with of
course the EV space, the new demand for
data centers given this whole AI wave as
well. Certainly that's why we're seeing
uh this kind of shortage there quite
pronounced. Martin, thank you our metals
and mining reporter on what's really
kind of driving these copper prices this
morning. May not be so much the China
story and more about the stockpiling
story right uh in the US. Here's what
we're looking at in terms of of course
MCC shares some of the most on record on
this sort of asset sale plan here. So
we're down close to 10% here right now.
Athletus that's also what we're watching
out for uh in the biotech space as well.
So those shares jumping [music] after
this study did show something about
weight loss there on your screens. This
is Uber.
[music]
11:29 [music] a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets hand out lunch break in just a
moment. And yeah, we're we're awaiting,
[music] of course, that 5-year bond
auction that's happening in Japan any
moment now. But yes, it's a pretty quiet
day all around the region here this
morning with the Nicay just higher by
about a fifth of 1%. We're flat when it
comes to the yen at just 155 levels as
well. But yeah, key to watch of course
as we see this kind of global yields
kind of picking up around the world.
That certainly is one thing to watch
here around the BOJ which does meet what
a few more days.
>> Yes. Uh but we had to get through the
RBA in about an hour and then the Fed
and then I think the one story that
people are sleeping on is
>> is is the Philippines because that seems
to be the market or the central bank
specifically that will not just because
I'm Filipino [laughter]
>> bias. the bias there, home bias of
David. No, just because that seems to be
the central bank that has the strongest
case to cut, not just once but more.
>> Oh yes.
>> Yeah. When you look at uh what some of
these calls are saying, right? U that's
just also to say it's been a it's a very
quiet day in market. So if you need a uh
almost a a general aesthetic, um this is
this is really a market that might put
you to sleep quite quite quite quickly
before
>> we're here to wake you up. Come on.
>> Okay. [laughter] So, let's talk about
the outlook then um in terms of the
Chinese economy, right? So, you have
Bloomberg economics. They think that the
guidance coming through out of the
policy year meeting indicates continued
stimulus into next year at least
matching expectations and the support
that we've gotten so far this year.
David Chu, our economist with Bloomberg
Economics, joins us right now to give us
their first reaction, of course, to the
Polit Bureau meeting ahead of the
Central Economic Work Conference. David,
good morning. Nice to have you. Yes,
sir. What's the what's the prognosis?
>> Hi, morning. Um actually I think uh the
statement of the port bureau meeting uh
yesterday was uh kind of plain cuz uh it
covers everything but uh the wording was
uh broad and general but all in all it
uh make uh released a signal that uh the
stimulus or the support from the policy
side to to the economy is going to to
continue in next year because they uh
the policy bureau emphasized to do some
countery thing and to to uh continue to
do the proactive uh fiscal and monetary
policies. So all in all speaking we
think that this year's stance will
extend to next year.
>> There was this term that came back new
productive forces. David, we haven't
heard that phrase I think since 2023 or
so.
>> What does that tell you about how
policymakers are looking at still
exports and manufacturing?
Uh well uh if you are in China you would
understand that why this world is so
preferred so loved by the uh by the
leaders because China has been doing
actually working on the so-called high
quality or you know something like that
over the past several years and it seems
that this works especially when China
was facing um uh you know uh the the
headwind from the trade trading sector
uh in this year so that uh the leaders
will believe that uh working continue to
work on this area will continue to
benefit the economy and uh and also the
corporates. So uh if you look at the uh
the trade side we think that uh uh yeah
in this year in 2025 uh the overall
export sector has been resilience uh
which can be seen from the exporting uh
numbers but for next year we see uh you
know despite of the the truth between
China and the US for a year we still
think see headwinds. Uh one of the uh
one of them is the pull back of the uh
uh the export because in this year uh
people um the importers in the in the US
they were rushing to uh to buy things
from China because of the uncertainty of
the of the tariff. But for next year I
think we think that this uh this uh kind
of uh thing will will roll back. So that
we we see that is a technical reason for
for the export and on the other hand we
see that uh more and more uh trade
tensions potential trade tensions may
come up um because for example you see
what macronside over last week that uh
China is need to to adjusted the trading
sector to to uh reduce the trade
surplus.
David the
I mean a few a few things right so we
have the economic central economic work
conference number one we still have yet
to see the credit data which I think we
are in the window for from today
activity numbers and then let alone of
course the March meeting where we get
the targets as well looking at the
direction of the data I mean do you
empathize with the lack of urgency in
other words the lack of urgency doesn't
necessarily mean we need to be worried
over it do you see the case to be just
quite chill about things.
>> You mean next year?
>> Well, now going into next year, the
momentum in the economy going into next
year.
>> Yeah. I think the the most important
thing is still consumption. uh because
uh if you look at uh if you go through
what we site uh here uh we are going to
we are going to we expect uh you know a
headwind to the export and also uh
another background is that the
investment in China has been slowing
down especially the government le
investment uh maybe it has dropped by
seven or 8% over the past uh several
months uh year so that looking at the
next year and
You know the foreseeable future we think
that both the export and ex and
investment should remain sluggish or
face headwind that that means the the
consumption or domestic demand will be
the key for the development or or growth
for the next couple of years and that is
why I think the political bureau meeting
emphasized prior actually they
prioritized the domestic demand as the
key issue of the year and uh actually
within the domestic demand I think uh
consumption is the key uh because the
this is the you know something we need
to address and but of course it may need
to take several years to solve this
problem but anyway we need to start to
do this from now on
>> we do uh David thank you David Shu there
our blueberg economist on of course what
to look out for for Chinese growth for
next year. Uh certainly when it comes to
boosting domestic demand, that's
certainly one factor in all this is
where the remman goes, right? Because we
just had an economist just last week
talking about the need for policy makers
to keep that remman strong in some ways
to boost imports to boost consumption in
some ways and have people spending more.
That certainly has been a key focus when
it comes to the currency of late. Here
are some of the guests on the China show
and what they've been saying.
We actually think dollar CNY could go to
seven. We actually think, you know,
we're expecting, you know, we've got
trade data coming out today. We're
expecting a bit of rebound. Look,
China's exports are still super
competitive. We've had statements coming
out of Macron saying they might have to
do tariffs on, you know, trade deficit
uh the trade imbalances. So I think in
in order for China to appease some of
its trade part trading partners, you
know, given that remb on real effective
exchange, it has already depreciated a
lot, they probably will be willing to
give a little bit more slightly stronger
bias on fixings and maybe allow a little
bit of strength to appease trading
partners. All in all I'm saying is
exchange rate should be determined by
market forces and then all these three
market forces whether it's fundamentals
or interest rate or is positions capital
flows they just you know maybe towards
the year end
>> they just amplify and combine each other
that's make it a good timing to let
market decide
>> R&B has stabilized and with uh modest
appreciation bias um we forecast R&B uh
to uh stay at 6.9 95 over a 12 month
horizon and that has uh been supportive
usually uh for MSEI China over the past
decade or so. Secondly, when we focus on
the fundamentals, we see some signs of
earning stabilization. Uh for the
offshore market, uh we've seen uh some
of the earnings uh revision momentum has
stabilized. the R&B uh from a valuation
perspective, competitive p perspective,
you look at China's exports and even
especially if you do product by product,
it is extremely competitive. It is on
the low end of valuation. We've seen a
very long stretch of real R&B
depreciation. The longest one actually
uh since the 1990s or the actually the
largest one in terms of magnitude since
the 990s extremely competitive. We're
just looking for a catalyst.
Right. Well, to further the discussion
on the direction of the currency short
and longer term, a deep dive if you
will, on the outlook for the Chinese
yuan, let's bring in our team here.
Steven Chu, our chief Asia FX and rate
strategist here on set with us. He's out
of Bloomberg Intelligence. And joining
us also is Dan Moss. Dan Moss, Bloomberg
opinion column is also joining us to
help us understand what's going on. Dan,
you're you're making the job super easy
for Ivon and myself. the title of your
of your piece today, why the push for a
stronger currency won't go away. So, I'm
just going to add a question mark there
and ask you that question, Dan.
>> Well, David, I mean, the inspiration for
the column came in part from listening
to the litany of guests uh that you've
had on your show, some of which you just
replay clips of. Uh there does seem to
be a drum beat that suggests it would be
a good thing for the Chinese authorities
to
be a little less constraining uh regards
the yuan. There appears to be a lot of
pressure building. The morning fixing
suggests that Bloomberg economics models
suggest that a lot of pressure for the
yuan to strengthen. And we had these
trade numbers yesterday uh which
you know blew estimates out of the
water. We've got a 1 trillion US uh
surplus cumulatively for the first 11
months of the year. There is no sense
that the R&B's value is holding exports
back. In fact, China is as much an
export machine now as it was at any
point. Uh certainly since WTO membership
and if not prior to that, the arguments
are just piling up. The authorities seem
keen not to allow too much of that. Uh
but you know, these forces are not going
away.
>> Stephen, I'll get you to chime in. I
mean, do you think now is the time to
let the German be strengthened a little
bit?
>> Absolutely. I mean like if you ask me
for next year it's our favorite currency
within Asia regardless of whether we
have a strong dollar or weak dollar
>> as the guest said all the tailwinds
basically just line up structural like
we know about the trade balance we don't
have to talk about it now on a 12 month
basis we're at record high over1 $1
trillion is still well impressing and
then FDI used to be a headwind for the
UN like few years back now the flows are
coming back in again again a strong UN
and then from a rate perspective you
know the Fed is cutting regardless like
next year like we may have a very
moderate cut still lower US rates but
for China they have less urgency to cut
rates. So from a rate gap perspective,
from a market driver perspective, it
helps the yen. And last but not least,
we saw from the central political
yesterday, they highlight this cross
cyclical term, meaning that they're
focused more on the medium-term. So it's
more fiscal, less of a rate cut
perspective. More importantly, they want
to drive domestic demand. They want to
globalize the UN and the weak currency
is just against that.
>> What have you noticed, Stephen, on the
recent pattern of fixings? Because we've
seen stronger, stronger, and then they
push back one or two days. Uh what do
you think that's they're signaling to
the market?
>> I think it makes sense they want to slow
the UN game for a little bit because to
be honest now the spot and the fixing is
sort of has sort of converged and our
ver value model suggests that now we at
very value for dollar yen. So I think it
makes sense for them to stop a little
bit because obviously seven is a key
level. If it breaks then the
acceleration in the UN appreciation will
accelerate. So they want to stop it
here. Okay let's wait. Let's wait for
the Fed. Let's wait for the BJJ and then
enter next year. It's still it's still
going to crack seven. It's a matter of
time.
>> Dan, you mentioned about you you don't
have to really focus on the what a
stronger re could have on exports. It's
already an export machine. China is.
What about when it comes to trying to
get out of this deflationary
>> sort of cycle, right? It seems like if
you're going to strengthen the currency,
that could actually lead to some
complications on that front.
>> Yes, it could lead to some
complications, Vonnie. And that may
explain some of the reticence. You know,
many of the guests that you've had on
uh recently, you know, talk about the
need for China to bolster consumption at
home. You know, it's funny. This is a
year of anniversaries uh for the Chinese
yuan. 2005
years ago, the hard dollar peg of 8.3
was severed. Uh and then 10 years ago uh
in late November 2015, the IMF granted
the R&B reserve status uh ushered into
the inner sanctum. But one of the
requirements of that and one of the bets
that the IMF made was that the R&B would
become more globalized and would become
more flexible. You know, it's debatable
uh the degree to which these things have
happened. So, China does have a
deflation problem for sure. This is an
inflation problem uh that uh you know it
it's way too low.
So, they want to uh or stimulate more
domestic demand. Partly you do that
through a weaker currency. It is going
to exacerbate some of these deflationary
forces. But you know, it's worth just
we've been talking about this
rebalancing of China's economy for
decades now. For such a long time, no
IMF or G7 or G20 communicate was replete
without a reference to rebalancing. It's
perceived to be in everyone's interests.
Uh no more so than now. But yes, it's
complicated as they say.
>> Yeah. And Dan, just a final question for
you. I mean to the I just to borrow
continue the last point you just made
you know China will do what is in its
interest really and so we talked about
three factors right fundamentals of the
economy interest rates monetary policy
and positioning in the market there's a
fourth factor global politics and do you
think a stronger currency actually
allows a more stable environment going
into next year
>> you know it's interesting um during
Donald Trump's first term he was on
about countries including China keeping
their exchange rates weak to quote
unquote rip off America. Now what we
haven't heard as much of in the last 6
to9 months has been US complaints about
the level of the Chinese currency. Now
that doesn't have to be static. Uh this
seems to be on a slower burn than say
soybeans access to chips etc etc.
Chinese leaders would probably want to
keep it that way and to way the way to
keep the currency off the radar screen
is give just a little bit more. Now it
has appreciated this year but the gains
have been pretty middling compared with
say the Thaiart, the Malaysian ringot,
uh the Singapore dollar, the Taiwan
dollar. They can do a little more here.
It's not going to hurt them.
>> All right, Dan. Thank you, Dan Moss
there, our Bloomberg opinion columnist.
Also, our thanks to Stephen Chu there
joining us from Bloomberg Intelligence.
Yeah, seven or even sub seven. That
certainly is the call from many for next
year for dollar China. In terms of what
to watch out for, of course, you can
read more about the red discussion on
the terminal. We have an article that
talks all about it from XPOC advisor
today on how China should raise imports
to promote [music] the currency. This is
Bloomberg.
All
>> [music]
>> right, we're checking on the chips.
Yeah, chips are coming off the table
here today. If you take a look at what
we're seeing regionally, SMIC, Cabracon
was initially a bit lower. We've climbed
back a little bit, but SKH also given
that warning from the Korean Exchange
this morning as well. Um, you know,
obviously there's been a lot of talk
about this whole Nvidia and, you know,
President Trump giving the company at
least that approval to sell its H200
exports to China as well. That might
actually hurt some of the Chinese names,
that certainly is the key focus here
today. But when it comes to global fund
managers, well, what does that mean for
nuclear, right? Because this year's
rally in some of these nuclear stocks,
they say, will continue as the
regulatory outlook improves. And of
course demand drivers extend beyond the
needs of AI. Let's get to our Asia
equities reporter Sami Cha. She's with
us here right now on Yeah. What what
what behind beyond just the AI story?
What's really driving these stocks you
think?
>> Yeah. So after being handled with
caution for decades, it's suddenly being
called the utmost priority right now in
artificial intelligence race. And we
look at the gauge Bloomberg gauge of
nuclear stocks. has rallied 38% this
year, adding $566 billion in market
value for all of these stocks. Uh we
take a look at some of the individual
stocks. Oaklo, this is a California
based uh reactor builder. It's up about
400% this year alone. Ducan Enerability
is up 330%. That's a equipment maker for
this um nuclear reactors and so on. So
all this again it's because of that
projection that we need more energy and
it's going to triple in the next 10
years. But there is another driver which
is the regulatory change. So Japan is
restarting nuclear reactors and Taiwan
is mulling to do the same. But there are
some game changers like in the UK
they're actually allowing or they're
thinking of allowing uh these nuclear
projects to qualify um as green
financing. So that means you know the
ESG funds are going to come in. So this
is going to be like a big pivot for the
stocks but valuation is really tricky.
Ducanability is trading at over 100
times earnings now.
>> Well speaking of something that's gone
up very much to the point where it's
getting warnings. SK Highix, how does
that work? Because we're getting a a
warning from the exchange itself on the
stock. So what does that mean? And just
give it good context there.
>> Right. So we saw similar warning. It's
it was actually the same earhing uh
earlier in November. So this is the
second time already and we've seen that
a lot. But uh mainly the reason this
time was because it rallied uh close to
6% on Monday because of this speculation
that the company is going to issue
American depository receipts. And so uh
the company did say that uh they cannot
nothing is decided at the moment. But of
course this would um if it does issue
ADR that would actually really help uh
narrow that valuation gap with Micron
technology. That's what analysts are
saying and that's why a lot of investors
are just piling in.
>> Yeah. Um it's a slow day in terms of
markets but you're focusing on key
sectors. Brokerages certainly in China
are are one. Why brokerages? I mean we
did hear a little bit from the CSRC Wu
Ching speaking over the weekend too.
>> Exactly. So CSRC um chairman said that
he wants China wants to create large and
powerful investment banks by the likes
of Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan um you
know through these M&A processes and so
consolidation seems inevitable and this
means that the smaller local brokerages
are going to be absorbed but this will
actually help um tap some of these
untapped wealth in Chinese residents um
you know wealth that we've been talking
about. It's 15% of the securities and
funds uh from the Chinese residents
wealth are just 15%. So to put that into
a context, it's just 30 years uh before
for US levels. So there's a lot of
potential for these money to flow into
the capital markets and they're exactly
aiming for that.
>> Yeah, we have seen some consolidation of
course among the big names already to
create these global names.
>> Sammy, fantastic. Thank you so much
Sammy Cha there our Asia equities
reporter on uh I think that's a taking
stock piece for today that looks at
brokerage story [music] not just the
rally yesterday but extrapolates into
into next year just look at markets
quiet day this is the China show
right about an hour And 24 minutes now
into the cash market session, the big
movers to the upside, financials, and
also biotech. Uh there was a JP Morgan
call of course in biotech, deeper price
cuts, but that doesn't actually mean
deeper declines in the stock prices
themselves. And as you can see, it's a
financial story today as it pertain to
that specific mover. Okay. Um what else
is coming up?
>> RBA [music] is coming up. Uh pretty
interesting, right? We're just talking
to Julio Julio Kigari of JP Morgan. This
is a narrative that's changing, right?
[music] We're not talking about rate
cuts anymore when it comes to some of
these central banks. RBA is certainly
one of them where given the hot CPI
reads [music] that we've seen of late.
This is a market that is now pricing in
hikes as early as March of [music] next
year. So that certainly is where the
direction is. Whether economists and the
RBA feel that way. We're not sure. So
we'll look for a little bit more in the
guidance a little bit later on.
>> Yeah, that's likely going to cement
market expectations [music] if that is
of course they're comfortable with.
That's coming up of course later on.
That's it from us though here on the
China show. We'll see you all tomorrow.
>> [music]